1. 'Film me all you want' - teenage girls with no fear of police tormenting a UK high street
2. Pokémon did not give permission for ICE deportation video
3. From Bayern despair to Liverpool brilliance - the rise of Gravenberch
4. Two photos that shaped the long run to sporting equality
5. India imposes curfew in Ladakh after statehood protests turn violent
6. Sport
7. Watch: Moment water shatters glass doors of Hong Kong hotel
8. When will £18m Lammens get his chance at Man Utd?
9. Kindergarten parents told to pay thousands for kids' art - sparking uproar and a midnight heist
10. 'Anti-ICE' message on ammunition at Dallas shooting that killed immigration detainee
11. Most read
12. India legal setback for Elon Musk's X in free speech fight
13. Nicolas Sarkozy sentenced to five years in Libya campaign financing case
14. Saliba agrees new five-year contract with Arsenal
15. French navy seizes nearly 10 tonnes of cocaine off West African coast
16. The sun sets on India's iconic and controversial Soviet fighter jet
17. Moment sinkhole pulls down power lines in busy Bangkok street
18. Denmark says 'professional actor' behind drone incursions over its airports
19. Syrian leader addresses UN General Assembly for first time in almost 60 years
20. Fugitive Nicholas Rossi found guilty of second rape in US
21. Matthew McConaughey on starring with his family in film about California's deadliest wildfire
22. Colombia's president calls US attacks on alleged drug boats 'act of tyranny'
23. Palestinians in West Bank stranded as Israel shuts only international crossing
24. Watch: White House replaces President Biden portrait with image of an autopen
25. Born in India, but not Indian: 'Stateless' man fights for citizenship
26. Most watched
27. Also in news
28. More to explore
29. 'Trust what we've built' - England unchanged for World Cup final
30. Trump demands inquiry over UN 'triple sabotage' after escalator and teleprompter mishaps
31. Over 1,000 children fall ill from free school lunches in Indonesia
32. Woman in Spanish cold case identified after 20 years
33. Somalia's president: They tried to kill me five times
34. Israeli strikes kill dozens in Gaza City, hospitals say, as offensive expands
35. 'There's no way we can afford $100,000': Small firms scramble over Trump's new visa fees
36. AFL defends Snoop Dogg as grand final headliner
37. What we know about the suspect in the ICE facility shooting in Dallas
38. The professor who beat fraud allegations to become Malawi's president…again
39. Sonic the Hedgehog boss on how the series keeps up to speed
40. Rihanna gives birth to first daughter with A$AP Rocky
41. Australian film altered in China to make gay couple straight
42. 'Not sustainable' - Israeli team's sponsor wants name change
43. Premier League news conferences: Farke - Newly promoted sides 'never the favourites'
44. From Bayern despair to Liverpool brilliance - the rise of Ryan Gravenberch
45. 'Film me all you want' - teenage girls with no fear of police torment one High Street
